sdk/metric: Record measurements when context is done (#4671)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

[^3]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/issues/3548

> ### Honoring context cancellation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ignoring context cancellation
```

> The implementation of OpenTelemetry API that is responsible for telemetry recording
> (starting a span, making a synchronous metric measurement, emitting a log)
> must not honor the cancelation of the passed context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry API implementations need to ignore the cancellation of the context they are
passed when recording a value (e.g. starting a span, recording a measurement, emitting a log).
Recording methods should not return an error describing the cancellation state of the context
when they complete, nor should they abort any work.
```
